Updated the Linux kernel info on the software page (#8391)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/performance-best-practices/software.md

## Operating system

> Operating system configurations and optimizations are similar for Magento as other high-load web applications. As the number of concurrent connections handled by the server increases, the number of available sockets can become fully allocated. The Linux kernel supports a mechanism to "reuse" TCP connections. To enable these kernel settings, set the following values in `/etc/sysctl.conf`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Operating system configurations and optimizations are similar for Magento as other high-load web applications. As the number of concurrent connections handled by the server increases, the number of available sockets can become fully allocated. The Linux kernel supports a mechanism to "reuse" TCP connections. To enable this mechanism, set the following value in `/etc/sysctl.conf`:
```

{:.bs-callout-info}

> Enabling net.ipv4.tcp_tw_reuse is useless for incoming connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling net.ipv4.tcp_tw_reuse has no effect on incoming connections.
```
